OK so once again you have this code in front of you that I've typed out and your mail is also up.
So after component outage the amount and update component dot ts ts and HD and now you will have this
code either right under the electors in the download section or you will have it on guitar or somewhere
else.
I will of course you will be notified of that.
But in any case it's easy to copy paste the code the finished code and run it yourselves.
That is the worst thing that you can do for yourselves.
So not for me that is the worst thing that you can do for yourself.
Why.
Well because you will learn very little to nothing.
The best thing that you can do is write the code as you go.
As I explain things and alter it so alter it and see how it behave or how it behaves when modified.
So that is the very best thing that you can do for yourselves.
So don't even do it you will have the code.
Please don't just copy paste that as I said not for me but for yourself for your own sake so that you
would learn more.
Because if you copy paste it and if you think that you understand that and if you didn't try it or modified
it or take that in your cells.
Trust me no matter what you think you will have learned very little yet.
And since you're already watching the story Ole's at least make the best use out of them that you can.
So that being said the app that can put a dot TS is pretty much the same.
A few things have been altered and added some things have been deleted.
So I will just go over the changes so as not to repeat myself over and over again.
So we will begin from this line as this is the very first new thing that we have added.
So this is pretty much the same as including templates one line up above.
It is also possible to include it.
You are well but we will talk about that later.
What we did here
we basically stated that the element with class Balue dash B.G. will have blue background color.
So this is just for style which we will be able to use later on along our merry way so we won't actually
be using this here.
We will be using this in the DML file.
So as you can see down below so the element input will have us blue dash B.G. and element input.
Again another element input will have specified background color but this is not related.
The is here so blue B.G. will have it and therefore it will be capable of becoming blue.
But whether or not it will be blue that that is something that we will configure here in the TS file.
So let's go down below into the class app component.
And this has remained the same so no changes have been done in this line.
But if we go down below we have a nother property here.
So it says Hide email of type Boolean equals by default to true.
So it is initialized to true straight away.
Now this will either hide the email so test that test dot com or not.
So if it's true it will hide it.
If it's false it will not hide it or vice versa depending on the logic that we create down below and
in DML code as well.
Not logic NHT of LHD I will just set it how we want it to be displayed.
But the logic itself is always great.
It will be created here.
Another boolean will be disabled input so will create a boolean.
We will be able to utilize which which we will be able to state whether the input has been enabled or
disabled.
Bolinas are types which can basically be true or false down below.
We have a method called is is disabled which again takes no arguments and it has a return type Boolean.
So this will actual This method will turn the disabled input value.
So the value of the disabled input so in this case it will actually be false so it will return false.
Now is blue so this will determine whether the color will the color of the element will be blue or not.
And this year is actually a screen which we will pass stading which color we would like the element
to be so red blue green.
I don't know how many.
How many colors can you actually use when they are hard coded in terms of names.
But it doesn't matter I mean you have a list that somebody can find it.
In our case we will use a red anyway.
This is maybe not used that often anyway.
And down below we have our interface which we have defined previously.
So I've only went over the new things here.
Now let's go to the app component dot HD M-L and see what on earth is going on here.
So there are quite a bit of new things here and we're going to go over them.
Let me just separate this with this.
Would it enter these entries that I'm typing in.
They have no effect on the code of whatsoever.
This is purely for our convenience so that we can see things better.
They do not matter to the machine at all.
It doesn't speed at all.
They are completely irrelevant.
So first off we can begin from Dave.
Now Dave is an HDMI element which is used for separating other elements from other elements.
So to see it generally used for separation.
So you have this part here which is separated from this part here so you can specify certain properties
for this part separately and then you can create another div for this part down below which will have
different properties.
For example they can use different See assessors or is acting different CSSA files or something like
that.
Different style different styles or something similar.
Anyway this line is the same so this has already been explained but here you have something new here
we will perform property binding this part here is property binding we will bind the property hidden.
So you have a property hidden the of the element which is the paragraph element.
So it begins.
It begins here and it ends here.
And this element will have has a property hidden and then we will use hide email to basically bind the
property of to basically perform property binding here.
So let me just go over what that actually means.
So you have hide email from app component atya So it's somewhere around here.
Yep there we go.
And at the moment it's configured to true its value is configured to true.
So if we go back here when will be equal to crew.
So we will want the email to be actually hidden and that is what we are doing here.
So if if Heidy mail is equal to true then we will not see the settlement.
This entire element so this entire paragraph will not be visible but if it is false then we will be
able to see it.
So whether the Heidy mail in the component is true or false on that on that the display of this paragraph
will depend whether this paragraph is actually hidden or not down below we have input.
So whether we want the input to be disabled or not.
So you right in the Cur-Lee in the block and the block brackets I believe they're called like that are
just brackets you but you bind it to disabled input and you state where the disabled input is true or
false.
So if it is true Imparcial be disabled.
And if it is false a put in parts shall not be disabled.
So you have some sort of an input field where you can type in some text and the placeholder the initial
value will be.
Enter your text.
So whether or not you can actually enter the text here will depend on the state of this boolean value
in the component so disabled input boolean.
Currently it's equal to false meaning that we can actually input the text.
So if the Seybold is equal to true then we can't input text and if disabled is equal to false then we
actually can and will go over these things in all likelihood one more time when I show them how they
actually look like on the site itself down below it immediately.
You have again input the table.
This is the same as before except here we're using the return value of the method.
Now what we're doing when we are performing property binding like this whatever it is.
But between these quote marks shall be evaluated meaning that this function will be called and its return
value will be taken its return value is basically a boolean.
So is disabled.
And that's the function.
That's the method.
And then it will return disabled input which is a boolean.
Right above it.
Meaning that it will return the value false.
So these two statements are practically identical except one is using a boolean directly.
Another one is using the return value of this method.
And down below I just put these lines and Flunder practically identical.
But you can also set the value.
So you have a value and then you have a placeholder how that works is best was literally the best thing
to do I can.
Best thing I can do is demonstrate it to you because you have the value and you have the placeholder.
So when you when you see it on the site you will see how that works in a in a moment.
So let's just let's just leave this part for now.
I will explain it when we actually see it on the site down below.
Immediately you have another input field.
It says class dot blue dash Biji and then it is equal to is blue B.G. so is blue Biji is yet another
Boullion we have here.
I just find it there we go.
So is blue Biji.
Currently it's equal to true.
So there with this element will actually have a color blue Sozzi you just scroll in my notes a little
bit.
So the stuff for the type.
Anyway we can set the Vout.
We can set the value here.
Yes but I'm just looking for this plan in case I committed to actually state something.
So anyway if it's blue B.G. the Boullion indie component if it's true the element input will have this
class blue Bluebeard's so it will actually have this class in it and it will be blue if this is set
to false.
It will not have this class and it will not be blue.
What will it be I have.
It doesn't really matter but it won't be blue in any case because we didn't configure it to be blue
through our bullion in our code.
Now down below the final line of the code of the HD M-L code is basically this is similar as before
but this is four styles.
So we just add colors to a string in the component so this is what we are.
This is where we're going to be utilizing the string B.G. color currently set to red.
So it says basically B.G. color and this is red.
So the background color will be set to red.
OK so now let's go ahead and minimize this and open up our site so this is how it should look like anyway.
And you can send kinda send down let me just see where we are.
OK.
I also forgot to explain these E-M tags.
That's something I have actually missed and didn't actually stated it.
Probably something that you all ready.
No but it's not really I mean that important.
E-M are the M-L tags which marked Italic letters so the letters will be like tilted to the right.
So to say where should be anyway.
OK.
So the first thing that we have is paragraph Hello.
And then it Pooles the current user.
That's fine.
Hello test.
And then this paragraph here.
Hmm.
Do you see it on the screen.
No you do not see it on the screen.
So Heidi Heidi male Boullion is actually equal to true therefore hidden is equal to true.
Therefore this element is actually not visible.
But here let's go ahead and make an alteration.
So if I just change this true to false and save it to press control as to save it and it's going to
go ahead and load it just give it a little bit of time probably is going to be faster for you because
you're in the physical machine.
So it says your email is test at test dot com as you can see from the e-mail code.
Your email is and then current user dot e-mail it pulls it and says stop at test dot com so you can
see that the letters are tilted to the right.
So taluk letters or something like it taluk perhaps not a tower but something like italics or they're
just there was just a slight tilt to the right when you want to emphasize something like bolding the
letters are doing something similar to that.
OK.
Now this is where we're going to call the Tauriel and then I will go over deith and show them once more
and I will actually show them on the site to actually demonstrate how they function and what sort of
changes are once you conduct some changes here how they are reflected on the site and what each of them
will actually show what each one of these lines does to the display of the site.
But since I'm running a little bit short on time I'm going to do this in part to.